docs: restructure website docs and navigation (#1215)
IBM/ado: docs/concepts/core-concepts.md

# The core ado concepts

`ado` is a tool for systematically exploring, measuring, and analysing a space

> of entities - for example, configurations, systems and substances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ado` is a tool for systematically exploring, measuring, and analysing a space
of entities - for example, configurations, systems and substances. It is built on three core concepts: Discovery Space, Operations and Sample Store. In brief, you define a Discovery Space, apply Operations to it, and store the results in a Sample Store. 
```

## Discovery Space

> The most important concept enabling this is a **Discovery Space**. It answers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **Discovery Space** defines how to answer the following questions:
```

> three questions:

Reviewer: The below might be better as a table? Question in one column, answer in the second?

- **How are measurements performed?** A Discovery Space defines a set of
  [Experiments](actuators.md). Each Experiment takes defined inputs and produces

>   measured outputs. The collection of Experiments is called a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **How are measurements performed?** A Discovery Space defines a set of
  [Experiments](actuators.md) to use. Each Experiment takes defined inputs and produces
  measured outputs. The collection of Experiments is called a
```

  [Measurement Space](actuators.md#measurement-space).
- **What do you want to measure?** A Discovery Space defines an
  [Entity Space](entity-spaces.md) — the specific set of things, called

>   _Entities_, you want to measure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **What do you want to measure?** A Discovery Space defines an
  [Entity Space](entity-spaces.md) — the specific set of things, called
  _Entities_, you want to measure with the Experiments.
```

- **What have you measured so far?** A Discovery Space uses a **Sample Store**,
  a shared database, to read and store measurement results.

For users familiar with `pandas`, a Discovery Space is like a DataFrame that
knows its own schema, knows how to fill in missing values, and shares data
transparently with other DataFrames. See [Discovery Spaces](discovery-spaces.md)
for more.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Operations

To explore or analyse and Discovery Space you define an Operation. For example, you might define to randomly sample and measure 40 points in the DiscoverySpace. 

Defining an operation involves specifying the `operator` to use (the python module the implements the operations) and the parameter values to set. 

There are two broad classes of Operations: explore operations sample and measure points from a Discovery Space; analysis operations process the data currently collected in a Discovery Space to provide insights. 

You can run multiple explore operations on the same space. Each one can select and measure new points, increasing the total amount of information available on entities in the space. You can always view the entities sampled by each operation independently. 

The fact that the Discovery Space exists independently from any particular operations on it is a central innovation of `ado`. 

```
